implemented safe versions of the classes DateTime and DateTimeImmutable (#138)
thecodingmachine/safe: CONTRIBUTING.md

$ php ./safe.php generate
```

## Special cases

> In some cases, automatic generation is to difficult to execute and the function has to be written manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, automatic generation is too difficult to execute and the function has to be written manually.
```

This should however only be done exceptionally in order to keep the project easy to maintain.

> The most important example are all the functions of the classes DateTime and DateTimeImmutable, since the entire classes have to be overloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important examples are all the functions of the classes `DateTime` and `DateTimeImmutable`, since the entire classes have to be overloaded manually.
```
